Chore: Update the docs for the allow_partials attribute (#3993)
TobikoData/sqlmesh: docs/concepts/models/overview.md

    Setting `allow_partials` to `true` overrides this behavior, indicating that the model may process a segment of input data that is missing some of the data points.

    NOTE: Simply setting this attribute to `true` does not guarantee that the model will run on every `sqlmesh run` command invocation. The model’s configured `cron` schedule is still respected, even when partial intervals are allowed. To force the model to run every time, use the `--ignore-cron` argument: `sqlmesh run --ignore-cron`.

>     At the same time, running with `--ignore-cron` without setting `allow_partials` to `true` may not produce the desired results. Depending on the time of day, the interval might be incomplete and not ready for execution, even when ignoring the `cron` schedule. Therefore, both are required to ensure that the model runs on every `sqlmesh run` invocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Similarly, using `--ignore-cron` without setting `allow_partials` to `true` does not guarantee the model will run every time. Depending on the time of day, the interval might not be complete and ready for execution, even when ignoring the `cron` schedule. Therefore, both are required to ensure that the model runs on every `sqlmesh run` invocation.
```
